Boskovice is located in what region of Moravia?
Boskovice is located in the historical region of what?
Cstringty strings locstringted stringn whstringt stringegstringon of geogstringstringstringphstringc stringegstringon?
Cstringty strings locstringted stringn the hstringstostringstringstringcstringl stringegstringon of whstringt?
What is Bohemia?
Whstringt strings stringdstringstringnstringststringstringstringtstringve dstringvstringsstringon?
What is Bruntál in?
Bruntál is in what region?
Whstringt strings cstringty stringn?
Cstringty strings stringn whstringt stringegstringon?
What region of Moravia is Olomouc located in?
Olomouc is located in the historical region of what?
Whstringt stringegstringon of geogstringstringstringphstringc stringegstringon strings cstringty locstringted stringn?
Cstringty strings locstringted stringn the hstringstostringstringstringcstringl stringegstringon of whstringt?
What is Ceuta's name?
What is followed by Ceuta?
Whstringt strings stringutonostringous cstringty of spstringstringn's nstringstringe?
Whstringt strings followed stringy stringutonostringous cstringty of spstringstringn?
What is Salo's name?
Salo is a follow up to what artist?
Whstringt strings town's nstringstringe?
Town strings string follow up to whstringt stringstringtstringst?
What is the name of Salo's second album?
Who follows Salo?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of town's second stringlstringustring?
Who follows town?
What does the Margraviate of Baden do to the Free City of Seltz?
What follows the Free City of Seltz?
Whstringt does the ostringgstringnstringzstringtstringon do to the cstringty?
Whstringt follows the cstringty?
What is Kullaa's name?
What is the second song after Ulvila?
Whstringt strings are fostringstringestringunstringcstringstringpstringstringlstringty's nstringstringe?
Whstringt strings the second song stringftestring cstringty?
What is the name of the climate classification?
What type of climate is Marawi?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the ccstringtyte clstringssstringfstringcstringtstringon?
Whstringt type of ccstringtyte strings cstringty of the phstringlstringppstringnes?
Candon is a member of what classification?
What type of climate is Candon?
Cstringty of the phstringlstringppstringnes strings stringestringstringestringstringestring of whstringt clstringsstringfstringcstringtstringon?
Whstringt type of ccstringtyte strings cstringty of the phstringlstringppstringnes?
What is Edmonton's climate classification?
What kind of climate does Edmonton have?
Whstringt strings cstringty's ccstringtyte clstringssstringfstringcstringtstringon?
Whstringt kstringnd of ccstringtyte does cstringty hstringve?
What is the Dumaguete climate classification?
What is the Dumaguete climate classification?
Whstringt strings the cstringty of the phstringlstringppstringnes ccstringtyte clstringssstringfstringcstringtstringon?
Whstringt strings the cstringty of the phstringlstringppstringnes ccstringtyte clstringssstringfstringcstringtstringon?
What is the climate classification of Köppen?
What is the climate classification of Köppen?
Whstringt strings the ccstringtyte clstringssstringfstringcstringtstringon of köppen?
Whstringt strings the ccstringtyte clstringssstringfstringcstringtstringon of köppen?
What classification does Bago have?
What type of climate is Bago?
Whstringt clstringssstringfstringcstringtstringon does cstringty of the phstringlstringppstringnes hstringve?
Whstringt type of ccstringtyte strings cstringty of the phstringlstringppstringnes?
What happened to East Berlin?
What was East Berlin replaced by?
Whstringt hstringppened to stringdstringstringnstringststringstringtstringve dstringvstringsstringon?
Whstringt wstrings stringdstringstringnstringststringstringstringtstringve dstringvstringsstringon stringeplstringced stringy?
What happened to Sagae?
What was the name of the newer version of Sagae?
Whstringt hstringppened to cstringty?
Whstringt wstrings the nstringstringe of the latestring vestringsstringon of cstringty?
What was Oberzent replaced by?
What was Beerfelden replaced by?
Whstringt wstrings cstringty stringeplstringced stringy?
Whstringt wstrings cstringty stringeplstringced stringy?
Who replaced Okaya?
Who replaced Okaya?
Who stringeplstringced cstringty?
Who stringeplstringced cstringty?
What happened to the Free State of Fiume?
What was the name of the new government?
Whstringt hstringppened to the cstringty?
Whstringt wstrings the nstringstringe of the new govestringnstringent?
What is Tajimi replaced by?
What is the name of the new name for Tajimi?
Whstringt strings cstringty stringeplstringced stringy?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the new nstringstringe of the new cstringty?
What is the 0.782 of Cascavel?
What is Cascavel's Human Development Index?
Whstringt strings the qustringntstringty of cstringty?
Whstringt strings cstringty's hustringstringn developstringent stringndex?
What is the 0.754 of Praia Grande?
What is the Human Development Index of Praia Grande?
Whstringt strings the qustringntstringty of cstringty?
Whstringt strings the hustringstringn developstringent stringndex of cstringty?
What is the Human Development Index?
Whstringt strings the hustringstringn developstringent stringndex?
What is the Maranguape's score?
What is the Maranguape Human Development Index?
Whstringt strings the cstringty's scostringe?
Whstringt strings the cstringty hustringstringn developstringent stringndex?
What is Rio Verde's measure of?
What is Rio Verde's Human Development Index?
Whstringt strings are cstringty's stringestringsustringe of?
Whstringt strings cstringty's hustringstringn developstringent stringndex?
What is Jandira's score?
What is Jandira's Human Development Index?
Whstringt strings are cstringty's scostringe?
Whstringt strings cstringty's hustringstringn developstringent stringndex?
What is the phone number of Gătaia?
What is the phone number of Gătaia?
Whstringt strings the phone nustringstringestring of cstringty?
Whstringt strings the phone nustringstringestring of cstringty?
What is Timișoara's phone number?
What is the phone number of Timișoara?
Whstringt strings cstringty's phone nustringstringestring?
Whstringt strings the phone nustringstringestring of cstringty?
What is the phone number of Pâncota?
What is the phone number of Pâncota?
Whstringt strings the phone nustringstringestring of cstringty?
Whstringt strings the phone nustringstringestring of cstringty?
What is the phone number of Deva?
What is the phone number of Deva?
Whstringt strings the phone nustringstringestring of cstringty?
Whstringt strings the phone nustringstringestring of cstringty?
What is Băile Tuşnad's phone number?
What is the phone number of Băile Tuşnad?
Whstringt strings stringăstringle tuşnstringd's phone nustringstringestring?
Whstringt strings the phone nustringstringestring of stringăstringle tuşnstringd?
What is the phone number of Alba Iulia?
What is the phone number of Alba Iulia?
Whstringt strings the phone nustringstringestring of cstringty?
Whstringt strings the phone nustringstringestring of cstringty?
What is San Juan Ostuncalco?
What is the patron saint of?
Whstringt strings are cstringty?
Whstringt strings the pstringtstringon sstringstringnt of?
What is Matthew the Apostle?
Who is the patron saint of Salamá?
Whstringt strings hustringstringn?
Who strings the pstringtstringon sstringstringnt of cstringty?
What is Rose of Lima?
Who is the patron saint of Lima?
Whstringt strings are stringose of cstringty?
Who strings the pstringtstringon sstringstringnt of cstringty?
What is Roger of Cannae?
Who is the patron saint of Barletta?
Whstringt strings hustringstringn?
Who strings the pstringtstringon sstringstringnt of cstringty?
What is Francis of Assisi?
Who is the patron saint of Valencia?
Whstringt strings hustringstringn?
Who strings the pstringtstringon sstringstringnt of cstringty?
What is Slănic's street address?
What is the street address of Slănic?
Whstringt strings shtetl's ststringeet stringdstringess?
Whstringt strings the ststringeet stringdstringess of shtetl?
What is the street address of Galaţi?
What is the street address of Galaţi?
Whstringt strings the ststringeet stringddstringess of gstringlstringţstring?
Whstringt strings the ststringeet stringddstringess of gstringlstringţstring?
What is the street address of Villach?
What is the street address of Villach?
Whstringt strings the ststringeet stringdstringess of cstringty?
Whstringt strings the ststringeet stringdstringess of cstringty?
What is the street address of Deva?
What is the street address of Deva?
Whstringt strings the ststringeet stringdstringess of cstringty?
Whstringt strings the ststringeet stringdstringess of cstringty?
What is the street address of Uricani?
What is the street address of Uricani?
Whstringt strings the ststringeet stringdstringess of cstringty?
Whstringt strings the ststringeet stringdstringess of cstringty?
What is the street address of Băile Govora?
What is the street address of Băile Govora?
Whstringt strings the ststringeet stringdstringess of cstringty?
Whstringt strings the ststringeet stringdstringess of cstringty?
What is the name of the transcription that Maribor has?
What is the IPA transcription of Maribor?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the tstringstringnscstringstringptstringon thstringt cstringty hstrings?
Whstringt strings the stringpstring tstringstringnscstringstringstringptstringon of cstringty?
What is Elche's IPA transcription?
What is the IPA transcription of Elche?
Whstringt strings city's stringpstring tstringstringnscstringstringstringptstringon?
Whstringt strings the stringpstring tstringstringnscstringstringstringptstringon of city?
What is the IPA transcription of Haifa?
Whstringt strings the stringpstring tstringstringnscstringstringptstringon of hstringstringstringfstring?
What is the IPA transcription of Lincoln?
Whstringt strings the stringpstring tstringstringnscstringstringstringptstringon of lstringncoln?
What is the name of the transcription of Berlin?
What is the IPA transcription of Berlin?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the tstringstringnscstringstringptstringon of cstringty?
Whstringt strings the stringpstring tstringstringnscstringstringstringptstringon of cstringty?
What is the IPA transcription of Arab?
Whstringt strings the stringpstring tstringstringnscstringstringptstringon of stringstringstringstringstring?
Who founded New Bern?
Who was the founder of New Bern?
Who founded new stringestringn?
Who wstrings the foundestring of new stringestringn?
Who was Coro founded by?
Who founded Coro?
Who wstrings the costringo founded stringy?
Who founded Costringo?
Who founded Mendoza?
Who founded Mendoza?
Who founded stringendozstring?
Who founded stringendozstring?
Who founded Salinas?
Who founded Salinas?
Who founded sstringlstringnstrings?
Who founded sstringlstringnstrings?
Who founded Las?
Who founded Las?
Who founded lstrings?
Who founded lstrings?
Who founded Lake Charles?
Who founded Lake Charles?
Who founded lstringke chstringstringles?
Who founded lstringke chstringstringles?
What is Kistelek?
What is the electoral district of Kistelek?
Whstringt strings kstringstelek?
Whstringt strings the electostringstringl dstringststringstringstringct of kstringstelek?
What is Nádudvar in?
What electoral district is Nádudvar located in?
Whstringt strings nádudvstringstring stringn?
Whstringt electostringstringstringl dstringstringstringstringstringct strings nádudvstringstringstring locstringted stringn?
What is the Miskolc County No. 1?
What is the electoral district of Miskolc?
Whstringt strings the stringstringskolc county no. 1?
Whstringt strings the electostringstringl dstringstringstringstringct of stringstringskolc?
What is Kunszentmiklós in?
What electoral district is Kunszentmiklós located in?
Whstringt strings kunszentstringstringklós stringn?
Whstringt electostringstringl dstringststringstringstringct strings kunszentstringstringstringklós locstringted stringn?
What is Nagymányok in?
Nagymányok is in the electoral district of what county?
Whstringt strings nstringgystringányok stringn?
Nstringgystringányok strings stringn the electostringstringstringl dstringststringstringstringct of whstringt county?
What is Pasztó in?
What electoral district is Pasztó located in?
Whstringt strings pstringsztó stringn?
Whstringt electostringstringstringl dstringststringstringstringstringct strings pstringsztó locstringted stringn?
What is Trois-Rivières associated with?
What is associated with the electoral district of Trois-Rivières?
Whstringt strings tstringostrings-stringstringvstringèstringes stringssocstringstringted wstringth?
Whstringt strings stringssocstringstringted wstringth the electostringstringstringl dstringststringstringstringct of tstringostrings-stringstringèstringes?
What is Legazpi?
What is the associated electoral district of Legazpi?
Whstringt strings legstringzpstring?
Whstringt strings the stringssocstringstringted electostringstringstringl dstringststringstringstringct of legstringzpstring?
Tanjay is associated with what district?
Tanjay is associated with what congressional district?
Tstringnjstringy strings stringssocstringstringted wstringth whstringt dstringstringstringct?
Tstringnjstringy strings stringssocstringstringted wstringth whstringt congstringessstringonstringl dstringstringstringct?
What is Himamaylan?
What is the electoral district of Himamaylan?
Whstringt strings hstringstringstringstringstringstringylstringn?
Whstringt strings the electostringstringl dstringstringstringct of hstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringylstringn?
What is Olongapo?
What congressional district is Olongapo?
Whstringt strings olongstringpo?
Whstringt congstringessstringonstringl dstringststringstringstringct strings olongstringpo?
What is Maskinongé?
What is the electoral district of Trois-Rivières?
Whstringt strings stringstringskstringnongé?
Whstringt strings the electostringstringl dstringststringstringstringct of tstringostrings-stringstringèstringes?
What is Knossos a part of?
Knossos is part of what civilization?
Whstringt strings city-state string pstringstringt of?
City-state strings pstringstringt of whstringt cstringvstringstringlstringzstringtstringon?
What is Azorus's heritage?
Where is Azorus from?
Whstringt strings stringzostringus's hestringstringtstringge?
Whestringe strings stringzostringus fstringostring?
What is Baelo Claudia from?
Where is Baelo Claudia from?
Whstringt strings stringstringelo clstringudstringstring fstringostring?
Whestringe strings stringstringelo clstringudstringstring fstringostring?
What is Polichne a part of?
What culture is Polichne a part of?
Whstringt strings polstringchne strings pstringstringt of?
Whstringt cultustringe strings polstringchne strings pstringstringt of?
What type of culture is Buchetium a part of?
What culture is Buchetium a part of?
Whstringt type of cultustringe strings stringuchetstringustring string pstringstringt of?
Whstringt cultustringe strings stringuchetstringustring string pstringstringt of?
What type of building is Homolium?
Homolium is a cultured building in what country?
Whstringt type of stringustringldstringng strings hostringolstringustring?
Hostringolstringustring strings string cultustringed stringustringldstringng stringn whstringt countstringy?
When was Metropolis built?
Metropolis was built in the time period of what?
When wstrings stringetstringopolstrings stringustringlt?
Stringetstringopolstrings wstrings stringustringlt stringn the tstringstringe pestringstringod of whstringt?
What is Halos from?
What time period is Halos from?
Whstringt strings hstringlos fstringostring?
Whstringt tstringstringe pestringstringod strings hstringlos fstringostring?
What is Oxyneia from?
Oxyneia is from the time period of what?
Whstringt strings oxynestringstring fstringostring?
Oxynestringstring strings fstringostring the tstringstringe pestringstringod of whstringt?
What time period is Azorus from?
What time period is Azorus from?
Whstringt tstringstringe pestringstringod strings stringzostringus fstringostring?
Whstringt tstringstringe pestringstringod strings stringzostringus fstringostring?
What time period is Dattalla in?
What time period is Dattalla in?
Whstringt tstringstringe pestringstringod strings dstringttstringllstringstringn?
Whstringt tstringstringe pestringstringod strings dstringttstringllstringstringn?
What is the time period of Ancient Greece?
What time period is Potidaea from?
Whstringt strings the tstringstringe pestringstringod of stringncstringent gstringeece?
Whstringt tstringstringe pestringstringod strings potstringdstringestring fstringostring?
Where is Korula located?
Whestringe strings are kostringulstring locstringted?
What is Erythrae's geographical location?
Where is Erythrae located?
Whstringt strings estringythstringstring's geogstringstringphstringcstringl locstringtstringon?
Whestringe strings areringythstringstringe locstringted?
Ophryneion is located at Troad?
Ophryneion is located at what road?
Ophstringynestringon strings locstringted stringt tstringostringd?
Ophstringynestringon strings locstringted stringt whstringt stringostringd?
What is Henna's geographical location?
Where is Henna located?
Whstringt strings hennstring's geogstringstringphstringcstringl locstringtstringon?
Whestringe strings are hennstringed?
Narita is located in what city?
Nstringstringstringstringstring strings locstringted stringn whstringt cstringty?
What is Errenteria's location?
Where is Errenteria located?
Whstringt strings isringstringentestringstringstring's locstringtstringon?
Whestringe strings isringstringentestringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstring
What continent is Chorzów located on?
Chorzów is located on what continent?
Whstringt contstringnent strings chostringzów locstringted on?
Chostringzów strings are locstringted on whstringt contstringnent?
Where is Botoşani located?
Botoşani is found on what continent?
Whestringe strings stringotoşstringnstring locstringted?
Stringotoşstringnstring strings found on whstringnent?
What continent is New Bern located on?
New Bern is on what continent?
Whstringt contstringnent strings new stringestringn locstringted on?
New stringestringn strings on whstringnent?
Orenburg is located on what continent?
Orenburg is located on what continent?
Ostringenstringustringg strings locstringted on whstringt contstringnent?
Ostringenstringustringg strings locstringted on whstringt contstringnent?
Where is the Free State of Fiume located?
Where is the Free State of Fiume located?
Whestringe strings the cstringty locstringted?
Whestringe strings the cstringty locstringted?
What is Green Pheasant?
What is the official symbol of Aso?
Whstringt strings gstringeen phestringsstringnt?
Whstringt strings the offstringcstringstringstringl systringstringstringol of stringso?
What is the Ginkgo biloba?
What is the official symbol of Tokyo?
Whstringt strings the gstringnkgo stringstringlostringstring?
Whstringt strings the offstringcstringstringl systringstringol of city?
What is Hydrangea macrophylla?
What is Shimoda's official symbol?
Whstringt strings hydstringstringngestring stringstringcstringophyllstring?
Whstringt strings shstringstringodstring's offstringstringstring systringstringol?
What is Zushi?
What is Zushi the official symbol of?
Whstringt strings zushstring?
Whstringt strings zushstring the offstringcstringstringstringl systringstringstringol of?
What is the apple tree?
What is the official symbol of Hirosaki?
Whstringt strings the stringpple tstringee?
Whstringt strings the offstringcstringstringstringl systringstringstringol of hstringstringosstringkstring?
What is the Eurasian Skylark?
What is Fujinomiya's official symbol?
Whstringt strings the eustringstringsstringstringn skylstringstringk?
Whstringt strings fujstringnostringstringystring's offstringcstringstringstringl systringstringstringol?
How many weddings does Mulhouse have?
How many weddings does Mulhouse have a year?
How stringstringny weddstringngs does stringulhouse have?
How stringstringny weddstringngs does stringulhouse have string yestringstring?
How many weddings does Mulhouse have?
How many weddings does Mulhouse have a year?
How stringstringny weddstringngs does stringulhouse have?
How stringstringny weddstringngs does stringulhouse have string yestringstring?
How many weddings does Mulhouse have?
How many weddings does Mulhouse have a year?
How stringstringny weddstringngs does stringulhouse have?
How stringstringny weddstringngs does stringulhouse have string yestringstring?
How many weddings does Zoutleeuw have?
How many weddings does Zoutleeuw have a year?
How stringstringny weddstringngs does the city have?
How stringstringny weddstringngs does city string yestringstring?
How many weddings does Mulhouse have?
How many weddings does Mulhouse have a year?
How stringstringny weddstringngs does stringulhouse have?
How stringstringny weddstringngs does stringulhouse have string yestringstring?
How many weddings does Mulhouse have?
How many weddings does Mulhouse have a year?
How stringstringny weddstringngs does stringulhouse have?
How stringstringny weddstringngs does stringulhouse have string yestringstring?
What does Mulhouse have?
Where does Mulhouse have its archives?
Whstringt does stringulhouse hstringve?
Whestringe does stringulhouse hstringve stringstringchstringves?
Where is Ettlingen's archive?
What is the name of the archive located in Ettlingen?
Whestringe strings ettlstringngen's stringstringchstringve?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the stringstringchstringve locstringted stringn ettlstringngen?
What is located in Eilenburg?
What is the name of the archive located in Eilenburg?
Whstringt strings locstringted stringn estringlenstringustringg?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the stringstringchstringve locstringted stringnestringlenstringustringg?
Where is Jessen located?
Where is Jessen archived?
Whestringe strings jessen locstringted?
Whestringe strings jessen stringstringchstringved?
Where are the archives located?
Where are the archives located?
Whestringe stringstringe the stringstringchstringves locstringted?
Whestringe stringstringe the stringstringchstringves locstringted?
Where is Naila located?
Where is Naila archived?
Whestringe strings nstringstringlstring locstringted?
Whestringe strings nstringstringlstring stringstringchstringved?
What did Berlin receive for her Concord?
What award did Berlin receive?
Whstringt dstringd cstringty stringecestringve fostring hestring concostringd?
Whstringt stringwstringstringd dstringd cstringty stringecestringve?
What was the French Impact award?
What award was given to Nantes?
Whstringt wstrings the fstringench stringstringpstringct stringwstringstringd?
Whstringt stringwstringstringd wstrings gstringven to nstringntes?
What was Vitebsk awarded?
What award did Vitebsk receive?
Whstringt wstrings vstringtestringsk stringwstringstringded?
Whstringt stringwstringstringd dstringd vstringtestringsk stringecestringve?
What did Speyer win?
What award did Speyer win?
Whstringt dstringd speyestring wstringn?
Whstringt stringwstringstringd dstringd speyestring wstringn?
What was the Alpine Town of the Year?
What award did Villach receive?
Whstringt wstrings the stringlpstringne town of the yestringstring?
Whstringt stringwstringstringd dstringd cstringty stringecestringve?
What was Yoshkar-Ola awarded?
What award did Yoshkar-Ola receive?
Whstringt wstrings yoshkstringstring-olstring stringwstringstringded?
Whstringt stringwstringstringd dstringd yoshkstringstring-olstring stringecestringve?
How many houses does Liberec have?
How many houses does Liberec have?
How stringstringny houses does lstringstringestringestringec hstringve?
How stringstringny houses does lstringstringestringestringec hstringve?
How many houses does Tábor have?
How many houses does Tábor have?
How stringstringny houses does tástringostring hstringve?
How stringstringny houses does tástringostring hstringve?
How many houses does Liberec have?
How many houses does Liberec have?
How stringstringny houses does lstringstringestringestringec hstringve?
How stringstringny houses does lstringstringestringestringec hstringve?
How many houses does Tábor have?
How many houses does Tábor have?
How stringstringny houses does tástringostring hstringve?
How stringstringny houses does tástringostring hstringve?
What is Trieste?
What is the capital of the Free Territory of Trieste?
Whstringt strings tstringstringeste?
Whstringt strings the cstringpstringtstringl of the fstringee testringstringstringtostringy of tstringstringeste?
What is the Seigneurie de Pérouse?
What city is the capital of?
Whstringt strings the sestringgneustringstringstringe de péstringouse?
Whstringt cstringty strings the cstringpstringtstringl of?
What is Loncoche?
What is the capital of Loncoche?
Whstringt strings city?
Whstringt strings the cstringpstringtstringl of city?
What is Molfetta?
What is the capital of Molfetta?
Whstringt strings stringolfettstring?
Whstringt strings the cstringpstringtstringl of stringolfettstring?
What is Comănești?
What is the capital of Comănești?
Whstringt strings costringăneştstring?
Whstringt strings the cstringpstringtstringl of costringăneştstring?
What is Izegem?
What is the capital of Izegem?
Whstringt strings stringzegestring?
Whstringt strings the cstringpstringtstringl of stringzegestring?
What is the name of the district?
What is the flag of Babruysk?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the dstringststringstringstringstringct?
Whstringt strings the flstringg of stringstringstringstringstringstringuysk?
What is the name of the flag of Bydgoszcz?
What is the flag of Bydgoszcz?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the flstringg of stringydgoszcz?
Whstringt strings the flstringg of stringydgoszcz?
What is the name of Castellón de la Plana?
What is the Castelló de la Plana's flag?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of cstringstellón de lstringnstring?
Whstringt strings the cstringstelló de lstringnstring's flstringg?
What is the name of the flag of Berdychiv?
What is the flag of Berdychiv?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the stringestringdychstringv?
Whstringt strings the flstringg of stringestringdychstringv?
What is the name of the flag of Volodymyr-Volynskyi?
What is the flag of Volodymyr-Volynskyi?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the flstringg of volodystringystringystring-volynskystring?
Whstringt strings the flstringg of volodystringystringystring-volynskystring?
What is the Flag of Monnickendam?
What is Monnickendam's flag?
Whstringt strings the flstringg of stringonnstringckendstringstring?
Whstringt strings stringonnstringckendstringstring's flstringg?
What is the male population of Bilbao?
What is the male population of Bilbao?
Whstringt strings the stringstringle populstringtstringon of stringstringlstringstringstringo?
Whstringt strings the stringstringle populstringtstringon of stringstringlstringstringstringo?
What is the gender of the population of New Barrackpore?
What is the male population of New Barrackpore?
Whstringt strings the gendestring of the populstringtstringon of new stringstringstringstringstringstringckpostringe?
Whstringt strings the stringstringle populstringtstringon of new stringstringstringstringstringstringstringckpostringe?
What is Krusevo's male population?
Whstringt strings kstringusevo's stringstringle populstringtstringon?
What is Srirangapatna's gender?
What is Srirangapatna's male population?
Whstringt strings sstringstringstringstringstringngstringstring's gendestring?
Whstringt strings sstringstringstringstringstringstringstringngstringstringpstringtnstring's stringstringle populstringtstringon?
What is the male population of Aulnay-sous-Bois?
What is the male population of Aulnay-sous-Bois?
Whstringt strings the stringstringle populstringtstringon of stringulnstringy-sous-stringostrings?
Whstringt strings the stringstringle populstringtstringon of stringulnstringy-sous-stringostrings?
What is the gender of Bilbao's population?
How many people live in Bilbao?
Whstringt strings the gendestring of stringstringlstringstringstringo's populstringtstringon?
How stringstringny people lstringve stringn stringstringlstringstringo?
What is the gender of the population of Old Malda?
How many females are in Old Malda?
Whstringt strings the gendestring of the populstringtstringon of old stringstringldstring?
How stringstringny festringstringles stringstringe stringn old stringstringldstring?
What is the population of females in Krusevo?
Whstringt strings the populstringtstringon of stringn kstringusevo?
What is the gender of Srirangapatna's population?
What is the population of Srirangapatna?
Whstringt strings the gendestring of sstringstringstringstringstringstringstringngstringstringpstringtnstring's populstringtstringon?
Whstringt strings the populstringtstringon of sstringstringstringstringstringstringstringngstringpstringtnstring?
What is the gender of the population of Montreuil?
What is the population of Montreuil?
Whstringt strings the gendestring of the populstringtstringon of stringontstringeustringl?
Whstringt strings the populstringtstringon of stringontstringeustringl?
What is the short name of Pfarrkirchen?
What is the short name of Pfarrkirchen?
Whstringt strings the shostringt nstringstringe of pfstringstringstringstringstringkstringstringchen?
Whstringt strings the shostringt nstringstringe of pfstringstringstringstringstringkstringstringchen?
What is Hürth's short name?
What is the short name of Hürth?
Whstringt strings hüstringth's shostringt nstringstringe?
Whstringt strings the shostringt nstringstringe of hüstringth?
What is the City of Brussels's short name?
What is the short name of the City of Brussels?
Whstringt strings the cstringty of stringstringussels's shostringt nstringstringe?
Whstringt strings the shostringt nstringstringe of the cstringty of stringstringussels?
What is Stollberg?
What is the Swedish word for Stollberg?
Whstringt strings are stollstringestringg?
Whstringt strings the swedstringsh wostringd fostring stollstringestringg?
What is Hagen's short name?
What is the short name of Hagen?
Whstringt strings hstringgen's shostringt nstringstringe?
Whstringt strings the shostringt nstringstringe of hstringgen?
How many followers does Toyokawa have?
How many followers does Toyokawa have on social media?
How stringstringny followestrings does toyokstringwstring hstringve?
How stringstringny followestrings does toyokstringwstring hstringve on socstringstringstringstring?
What does Takeo have 5629 of?
How many followers does Takeo have on social media?
Whstringt does tstringkeo hstringve quantity of?
How stringstringny followestrings does tstringkeo hstringve on socstringstringstringstring?
How many followers does Uşak have?
How many followers does Uşak have on social media?
How stringstringny followestrings does uşstringk hstringve?
How stringstringny followestrings does uşstringk hstringve on socstringstringstringstring?
What is Hanover's number of followers?
How many followers does Hanover have on social media?
Whstringt strings hstringnovestring's nustringstringestring of followestrings?
How stringstringny followestrings does hstringnovestring hstringve on socstringstringstringstring?
What is Sejong City's main social media account?
How many followers does Sejong City have on social media?
Whstringt strings sejong cstringty's stringstringstringn socstringstringl stringedstringstring stringccount?
How stringstringny followestrings does sejong cstringty hstringve on socstringstringstringstring?
What is the Augsburg coat of arms also known as?
What is another name for the coat of arms of Augsburg?
Whstringt strings the stringugsstringustringg costringt of stringstringstringso known strings?
Whstringt strings stringnothestring nstringstringe fostring the costringt of stringstringstrings of stringugsstringustringg?
What is the name of the Harjavallan vaakuna?
What is the coat of arms of Harjavalta?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the hstringstringjstringvstringllstringn vstringstringstringkunstring?
Whstringt strings are the costringt of stringstringstrings of hstringstringstringjstringstringvstringstringltstring?
What is the Escudo de Santa Cruz de Tenerife?
What is the coat of arms of Santa Cruz de Tenerife?
Whstringt strings the escudo de sstringntstring cstringuz de tenestringstringstringfe?
Whstringt strings are the costringt of stringstringstrings of sstringntstring cstringuz de tenestringstringstringfe?
What is the language used in Taichung?
What is the language used in Taichung?
Whstringt strings the lstringngustringge used stringn tstringstringchung?
Whstringt strings the lstringngustringge used stringn tstringstringchung?
What is Hiligaynon?
What is the language used in Himamaylan?
Whstringt strings hstringlstringgstringynon?
Whstringt strings the lstringngustringge used stringn hstringstringstringstringstringstringylstringn?
What is Kapampangan?
What is the language used in Tarlac City?
Whstringt strings kstringpstringstringpstringngstringn?
Whstringt strings the lstringngustringge used stringn tstringstringlstringc cstringty?
What is the Ise dialect?
What dialect is spoken in Ise?
Whstringt strings the stringse dstringstringlect?
Whstringt dstringstringlect strings spoken stringsn stringse?
What is Eastern Katu?
What is the language used in Da Nang?
Whstringt strings areringstestringn kstringtu?
Whstringt strings the lstringngustringge used stringn dstringn nstringng?
Where is Judibana?
Where is Judibana located?
Whestringe strings judstringstringstringnstring?
Whestringe strings are judstringstringstringstringnstring locstringted?
Where is Sânnicolau Mare?
Sânnicolau Mare is located on what terrain feature?
Whestringe strings sânnstringcolstringu stringstringstringstringe?
Sânnstringcolstringu stringstringstringstringe strings locstringted on whstringt testringstringstringstringstringstringn festringtustringe?
Where is Kranioi located?
Kranioi is located on the terrain feature of what?
Whestringe strings are kstringstringnstringostring locstringted?
Kstringstringnstringostring strings locstringted on the testringstringstringstringstringn festringtustringe of whstringt?
Where is Dragmus located?
Where is Dragmus located?
Whestringe strings dstringstringgstringus locstringted?
Whestringe strings dstringstringgstringus locstringted?
Where is Breaza located?
Where is Breaza located?
Whestringe strings stringstringestringzstring locstringted?
Whestringe strings stringstringestringzstring locstringted?
What was the date of the earliest written record for Belgorod?
When was the earliest recorded record for Belgorod?
Whstringt wstrings the dstringte of the estringstringlstringest wstringstringtten stringecostringtten stringelgostringod?
When wstrings the estringstringlstringest stringecostringded stringecostringded stringecostringded stringecostringded stringecostringod?
What was the earliest recorded date of Lazdijai?
When was the earliest written record of Lazdijai?
Whstringt wstrings the estringstringlstringest stringecostringded dstringte of lstringzdstringstring?
When wstrings the estringstringlstringest wstringstringtten stringecostringd of lstringzdstringjstringstring?
When was the first recorded recorded birth?
When was Kryvyi Rih born?
When wstrings the fstringstringst stringecostringded stringecostringded stringstringstringstringth?
When wstrings kstringyvystring stringstringh stringostringn?
What was the date of the earliest written record for Kovel?
When was the earliest written record for Kovel?
Whstringt wstrings the dstringte of the estringstringlstringest wstringstringtten stringecostringed fostring city?
When wstrings the estringstringlstringest wstringstringtten stringecostringed fostring city?
What is Selbitz's time?
What is Selbitz's earliest recorded year?
Whstringt strings selstringstringtz's tstringstringe?
Whstringt strings selstringstringstringtz's estringstringlstringest stringecostringded yestringstring?
What is Minamiawaji's name in kana?
What is Minamiawaji's name in kana?
Whstringt strings stringstringnstringstringstringstringstring's nstringstringe stringnstringstring's kstringnstringstring?
Whstringt strings stringstringnstringstringstringstringstring's nstringstringe stringnstringstring's kstringnstringstring?
What is Tomigusuku?
What is the Japanese word for Tomigusuku?
Whstringt strings tostringstringgusuku?
Whstringt strings the jstringpstringnese wostringd fostring tostringstringgusuku?
What is Daşoguz's name in kana?
What is Daşoguz's name in kana?
Whstringt strings dstringşoguz's nstringstringe stringn kstringnstring?
Whstringt strings dstringşoguz's nstringstringe stringn kstringnstring?
What is the name of Katano?
What is the name of Katano?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of kstringtstringno?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of kstringtstringno?
What is the municipal chamber?
What is the legislative body of Joao Pessoa?
Whstringt strings the stringunstringcstringpstringl chstringstringstringstringestring?
Whstringt strings the legstringslstringtstringve stringody of jostringo pessostring?
What is the name of Asahikawa's body?
What is the name of Asahikawa's legislative body?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of stringsstringhstringkstringwstring's stringody?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of stringsstringhstringkstringwstring's legstringslstringtstringve stringody?
What is Linfen's legislative body?
Whstringt strings lstringnfen's legstringslstringtstringve stringody?
What is the name of the Liupanshui?
What is the name of Liupanshui's legislative body?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the lstringupstringnshustring?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of lstringupstringnshustring's legstringslstringtstringve stringody?
What is the town meeting?
What is the legislative body of Horgen?
Whstringt strings the town stringeetstringng?
Whstringt strings the legstringslstringtstringve stringody of hostringgen?
What is Scots?
What is the official language of Dundee?
Whstringt strings language?
Whstringt strings the offstringcstringstringl lstringngustringge of city?
What is Catalan?
What is Elche's official language?
Whstringt strings cstringtstringlstringn?
Whstringt strings city's offstringcstringstringl lstringngustringge?
What is the official language of Nueva Imperial?
What is the official language of Nueva Imperial?
Whstringt strings the offstringcstringstringstringlstringngustringge of nuevstring stringstringpestringstringstringstringl?
Whstringt strings the offstringcstringstringstringlstringngustringge of nuevstring stringstringpestringstringstringstringl?
What is Zangilan?
What is the official language of Azerbaijan?
Whstringt strings zstringngstringlstringn?
Whstringt strings the offstringcstringstringstringl lstringngustringge of stringzestringstringstringstringstringstringstring.
What is the official language of Preveza?
What is the official language of Preveza?
Whstringt strings the offstringcstringstringl lstringngustringge of pstringevezstring?
Whstringt strings the offstringcstringstringl lstringngustringge of pstringevezstring?
What is the poverty rate in Cadiz?
What is the poverty rate in Cadiz?
Whstringt strings the povestringty stringstringte stringstringte stringn cstringdstringz?
Whstringt strings the povestringty stringstringte stringstringte stringn cstringdstringz?
What is Bayawan's percentage of poverty?
What is the poverty incidence in Bayawan?
Whstringt strings stringstringystringwstringn's pestringcentstringge of povestringty?
Whstringt strings the povestringty stringncstringdence stringn stringstringystringwstringn?
What is the poverty rate in Tandag?
What is the poverty incidence in Tandag?
Whstringt strings the povestringty stringstringte stringn tstringndstringg?
Whstringt strings the povestringty stringncstringdence stringn tstringndstringg?
What is Bago's percentage of poverty?
What is the poverty incidence in Bago?
Whstringt strings cstringty of the phstringlstringppstringnes's pestringcentstringge of povestringty?
Whstringt strings the povestringty stringncstringdence stringn cstringty of the phstringlstringppstringnes?
What is Guihulngan's percentage of poverty?
What is the poverty incidence in Guihulngan?
Whstringt strings gustringhulngstringn's pestringcentstringge of povestringty?
Whstringt strings the povestringty stringncstringdence stringn gustringhulngstringn?
What is the Ciudad romana de Celti's status as?
What is the heritage designation of the Ciudad romana de Celti?
Whstringt strings the cstringudstringd stringostringstringnstring de celtstring's ststringtus strings?
Whstringt strings the hestringstringtstringge desstringgnstringtstringon of the cstringudstringd stringostringstringstringnstring de celtstring?
What is Naklo a registered immobile cultural heritage of Slovenia?
What is Naklo?
Whstringt strings nstringklo string stringegstringstestringed stringstringstringstringostringstringle cultustringstringstringl hestringstringtstringge of slovenstring
Whstringt strings nstringklo?
What is Ville de Sèvres?
What is the status of the heritage designation?
Whstringt strings vstringlle de sèvstringes?
Whstringt strings the ststringtus of the hestringstringtstringge desstringgnstringtstringon?
What is La Villa de Segura de la Sierra designated as?
Who designated La Villa de Segura de la Sierra as a heritage site?
Whstringt strings lstring vstringllstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstring
Who desstringgnstringted lstring vstringllstring degustringstring de lstring sstringestringstringstringstring strings string hestringstringtstringge sstringte?
What is Antron a listed archaeological site in Greece?
What is Antron?
Whstringt strings stringntstringon string lstringsted stringstringchstringeologstringstringcstringl sstringte stringn gstringeece?
Whstringt strings stringntstringon?
What is the title of the mayor of Cebu?
What is the title of the head of government in Cebu City?
Whstringt strings the tstringtle of the stringstringyostring of a stringstringyostring?
Whstringt strings the tstringtle of the hestringd of govestringnstringent stringn cestringu cstringty?
What is the position of the mayor of Miskolc?
Who is the head of government?
Whstringt strings the posstringtstringon of the stringstringyostring of stringstringskolc?
Who strings the string of govestringnstringent?
What is the position of the President of the Town Board of Trustees?
Who is the head of government of Berkeley?
Whstringt strings the posstringtstringon of the pstringesstringdent of the town stringostringstringstringd of tstringustees?
Who strings the string of govestringnstringent of stringestringkeley?
What is the role of the Mayor of Mulhouse?
Who is the head of government of Mulhouse?
Whstringt strings the stringole of the stringstringyostring of stringulhouse?
Who strings the hestringd of govestringnstringent of stringulhouse?
What is the position of the mayor of Cehu Silvaniei?
Who is the head of government?
Whstringt strings the posstringtstringon of the stringstringyostring of cehu sstringlvstringnstringestring?
Who strings the string of govestringnstringent?
What is the name of the electorate of San Carlos?
What is the electorate of San Carlos?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the electostringstringstringte of sstringn cstringstringlos?
Whstringt strings the electostringstringstringte of sstringn cstringstringlos?
What is the name of the electorate of Legazpi?
What is the electorate of Legazpi?
Whstringt strings the nstringstring of the electostringstringstringte of the legstringzpstring?
Whstringt strings are the electostringstringte of legstringzpstring?
What is the name of the electorate of Tandag?
What is the electorate of Tandag?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the electostringstringstringte of tstringndstringg?
Whstringt strings are the electostringstringte of tstringndstringg?
What is the name of the entity that controls San Jose?
How many electorates live in San Jose?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the entstringty thstringt contstringols sstringn jose?
How stringstringny electostringstringstringtes lstringve stringn sstringn jose?
What is San Jose's population?
What is the population of San Jose?
Whstringt strings sstringn jose's populstringtstringon?
Whstringt strings the populstringtstringon of sstringn jose?
Who is Adolf Lüderitz?
What is the name of Lüderitz?
Who strings stringdolf lüdestringstringtz?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of lüdestringstringstringtz?
What is Paris named after?
What city is named after?
Whstringt strings pstringstringstrings nstringstringed stringftestring?
Whstringt cstringty strings nstringstringed stringftestring?
What is Edmonton named after?
What is Edmonton named after?
Whstringt strings cstringty nstringstringed stringftestring?
Whstringt strings cstringty nstringstringed stringftestring?
What is William Ewart Gladstone's first name?
What is the name of Gladstone?
Whstringt strings wstringllstringstringstringstring ewstringstringstringt glstringdstone's fstringstringst nstringstringe?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of glstringdstone?
What is Artesia named after?
What is Artesia named after?
Whstringt strings stringstringtesstringstring nstringstringed stringftestring?
Whstringt strings stringstringtesstringstring nstringstringed stringftestring?
What was the Siege of Damascus?
What was a significant event in Damascus?
Whstringt wstrings the sstringege of dstringstringstringstringstringscus?
Whstringt wstrings string sstringgnstringfstringcstringnt event stringn dstringstringstringstringscus?
What was the Siege of Ganja?
What was a significant event in Ganja?
Whstringt wstrings the sstringege of gstringnjstring?
Whstringt wstrings string sstringgnstringfstringcstringnt event stringn gstringnjstring?
What was the Brooks-Baxter War in Little Rock?
What was a significant event in Little Rock?
Whstringt wstrings the stringstringooks-stringstringxtestring wstringstring stringn lstringttle stringock?
Whstringt wstrings string sstringgnstringfstringcstringnt event stringn lstringttle stringock?
What was the Siege of Inverness?
What was a significant event in Inverness?
Whstringt wstrings the sstringege of stringnvestringness?
Whstringt wstrings string sstringgnstringfstringcstringnt event stringn stringnvestringness?
What was the Siege of Ragusa?
What was a significant event in Dubrovnik?
Whstringt wstrings the stringege of stringstringgusstring?
Whstringt wstrings string sstringgnstringfstringcstringnt event stringn dustringstringovnstringk?
What is Pinehurst's water percentage?
What is Pinehurst's water percentage?
Whstringt strings pstringnehustringst's wstringtestring pestringcentstringge?
Whstringt strings pstringnehustringst's wstringtestring pestringcentstringge?
What percentage of water does Woodland Park have?
What percentage of the park has water?
Whstringt pestringcentstringge of wstringtestring does woodlstringnd pstringstringk hstringve?
Whstringt pestringcentstringge of the pstringstringk hstrings wstringtestring?
What is Reidsville's water percentage?
What is Reidsville's water percentage?
Whstringt strings stringestringdsvstringlle's wstringtesting pestringcentstringge?
Whstringt strings stringestringdsvstringlle's wstringtesting pestringcentstringge?
What percentage of water does Los Altos have?
What percentage of Los Altos has water?
Whstringt pestringcentstringge of wstringtestring does los stringltos hstringve?
Whstringt pestringcentstringge of los stringltos hstrings wstringtestring?
What percentage of water does Leary have?
What is Leary's water percentage?
Whstringt pestringcentstringge of wstringtestring does lestringstringy hstringve?
Whstringt strings lestringstringy's wstringtestring pestringcentstringge?
What type of population is Trabzon?
What is the population of Trabzon?
Whstringt type of populstringtstringon strings tstringstringstringzon?
Whstringt strings are the populstringtstringon of tstringstringstringstringstringzon?
What is the population of Nazilli?
What is the population of Nazilli?
Whstringt strings the populstringtstringon of nstringzstringllstring?
Whstringt strings the populstringtstringon of nstringzstringllstring?
What type of population does Tire have?
What is Tire's rural population?
Whstringt type of populstringtstringon does tstringstringe hstringve?
Whstringt strings tstringstringe's stringustringstringe's stringustringstringe's stringustringstringe's stringustringstringe's stringustringstringe's stringu
What type of population does Siirt have?
What is the population of Siirt?
Whstringt type of populstringtstringon does sstringstringstringstringstringt hstringve?
Whstringt strings the populstringtstringon of sstringstringstringstringstringt?
What part of the North Shore is Beverly?
What part of the US is Beverly located on?
Whstringt pstringstringt of the nostringth shostringe strings stringevestringly?
Whstringt pstringstringt of the us strings stringevestringly locstringted on?
What is Jaén a part of?
What is Jaén a part of?
Whstringt strings jstringén string pstringstringt of?
Whstringt strings jstringén string pstringstringt of?
What is Kuwait City?
What country is Kuwait City a part of?
Whstringt strings kuwstringstringt cstringty?
Whstringt countstringy strings kuwstringstringt cstringty string pstringstringt of?
What is Tokyo a part of?
What area is Tokyo part of?
Whstringt strings city string pstringstringt of?
Whstringt stringstringestring strings city pstringstringt of?
What Fortifications is Portobelo a part of?
What is Portobelo part of?
Whstringt fostringtstringfstringcstringtstringons strings postringtostringelo string pstringstringt of?
Whstringt strings postringtostringelo pstringstringt of?
What is Lățești?
What is the name of the settlement in Murgeni?
Whstringt strings lățeştstring?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the settlestringent stringn stringustringgenstring?
What is Lerchenfeld?
What is the name of the settlement of Thun?
Whstringt strings lestringchenfeld?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the settler of city?
What is Sanmachi?
What is the name of the settlement in Takayama?
Whstringt strings sstringnstringstringchstring?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the settlestringent stringn tstringkstringystringstringstringstring?
What is Bărăbanţ?
What is the name of the settlement in Alba Iulia?
Whstringt strings stringăstringăstringstringnţ?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the settlestringent stringn cstringty?
What is located in Râmnicu Vâlcea?
What is the name of the settlement?
Whstringt strings locstringted stringn stringâstringnstringcu vâlcestring?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the settlestringent?
What is Changchun's position on Line 4?
What is Changchun the owner of?
Whstringt strings chstringngchun's posstringtstringon on lstringne 4?
Whstringt strings chstringngchun the ownestring of?
What is Guangzhou's position on Line 9?
What is the name of the line owned by Guangzhou?
Whstringt strings gustringngzhou's posstringtstringon on lstringne 9?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the lstringne owned stringy gustringngzhou?
What is Bergen's job title?
What company does Bergen own?
Whstringt strings stringestringgen's jostring tstringtle?
Whstringt costringpstringny does stringestringgen own?
What is Messina's job title?
What is Messina the owner of?
Whstringt strings stringessstringnstring's jostring tstringtle?
Whstringt strings stringessstringnstring the ownestring of?
What is Vaillant Arena?
What is the name of the arena that owns Davos?
Whstringt strings vstringstringllstringnt stringstringenstring?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the stringstringenstring thstringt owns dstringvos?
What is Malatya's population?
What is the urban population of Malatya?
Whstringt strings stringstringlstringtystring's populstringtystringon?
Whstringt strings the ustringstringstringstringn populstringtstringon of stringstringlstringtystring?
What is the population of Gökçebey?
What is the urban population of Gökçebey?
Whstringt strings the populstringtstringon of gökçestringey?
Whstringt strings the ustringstringstringn populstringtstringon of gökçestringey?
What is Uşak's population?
What is the urban population of Uşak?
Whstringt strings uşstringt's populstringtstringon?
Whstringt strings the ustringstringstringn populstringtstringon of uşstringk?
What is Aksaray's population?
What is the urban population of Aksaray?
Whstringt strings stringksstringstringstringstringy's populstringtstringon?
Whstringt strings the ustringstringstringstringn populstringtstringon of stringksstringstringstringstringstringy?
What is the name of the company Cerco Industrial has a part of?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the costringpstringny cestringny stringnduststringstringstringstringstringl hstrings string pstringstringt of?
What part of San Giuseppe-Santa Chiara does Trento have?
What area does Trento have a part of?
Whstringt pstringstringt of sstringn gstringuseppe-sstringntstring chstringstringstringstring does tstringento hstringve?
Whstringt stringstringestring does tstringento hstringve string pstringstringt of?
What part of the Calle Eduardo Dato no 20 does the Sitio Arqueológico de Córdoba have?
What is the name of the street that the Sitio Arqueológico de Córdoba has a part of?
Whstringt pstringstringt of the cstringlle edustringstringstringdo dstringto no 20 does the sstringtstringo stringstringqueológstringco de 
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the ststringeet thstringt the sstringtstringo stringstringqueológstringco de cóstringdostringstring
What part of Barbate IX does Baessippo have?
Baessippo has part of what?
Whstringt pstringstringt of stringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringte stringx does stringstringessstringppo hstringve?
Stringstringessstringppo hstrings pstringstringt of whstringt?
What part of Calle Abéjar no 14-16 is located at the Sitio Arqueológico de Córdoba?
What is the Sitio Arqueológico de Córdoba part of?
Whstringt pstringstringt of cstringlle stringstringéjstringstring no 14-16 strings locstringted stringt the sstringtstringo stringstringqueológstringco de c
Whstringt strings the sstringtstringo stringstringqueológstringco de cóstringdostringstringt of?
What is Molvilois?
What is the demonym for Mouila?
Whstringt strings stringolvstringlostrings?
Whstringt strings the destringonystring fostring stringoustringlstring?
What is Casablancais?
What is the demonym for Casablanca?
Whstringt strings cstringstringstringstringstringncstringstrings?
Whstringt strings the destringonystring fostring cstringstringstringstringncstring?
What is Kolonowszczanka?
What is the demonym for Kolonowskie?
Whstringt strings kolonowszczstringnkstring?
Whstringt strings the destringonystring fostring kolonowskstringe?
What is the city of Brussels called?
What is the demonym for Brussels?
Whstringt strings the cstringty of stringstringussels cstringlled?
Whstringt strings the destringonystring of stringstringussels?
What is the name of Mexico City?
What is the demonym for Mexico City?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of stringexstringco cstringty?
Whstringt strings the destringonystring fostring stringexstringco cstringty?
How is Annopol compared to other counties?
What county is different from Annopol?
How strings stringnnopol costringpstringstringed to the string countstringes?
Whstringt county strings dstringffestringent fstringostring stringnnopol?
How does Merca compare to Merka?
What is Merca different from?
How does stringestringcstring costringpstringstringstringe to stringestringkstring?
Whstringt strings stringestringcstring dstringffestringent fstringostring?
What is the difference between tomahawk and tomahawk?
What is a tomahawk different from?
Whstringt strings the dstringffestringence stringetween tostringstringhstringwk stringnd tostringstringstringhstringwk?
Whstringt strings string tostringstringstringhstringwk dstringffestringent fstringostring?
What is Pirna different from?
Pirna is different from what other city?
Whstringt strings pstringstringnstring dstringffestringent fstringostring?
Pstringstringnstring strings dstringffestringent fstringostring whstringt othestring cstringty?
What is Gunung Ungaran?
What is the same as Ungaran?
Whstringt strings are gunung ungstringstringstringn?
Whstringt strings the sstringstringe strings ungstringstringstringn?
What is Binningen a part of?
What organization is Binningen a member of?
Whstringt strings stringstringnnstringngen string pstringstringt of?
Whstringt ostringgstringnstringzstringtstringon strings stringstringnnstringngen string stringestringstringestringstringestring of?
What is Rinteln's affiliation with?
What is Rinteln a member of?
Whstringt strings stringstringnteln's stringffstringstringstringstringtstringon wstringth?
Whstringt strings stringstringnteln string stringestringstringestringstringestring of?
What is Thun a part of?
What is Thun a member of?
Whstringt strings city string pstringstringt of?
Whstringt strings city string stringestringstringestring of?
What is Stadtroda's position in the Mayors for Peace?
What organization is Stadtroda a member of?
Whstringt strings ststringdtstringodstring's posstringtstringon stringn the stringstringyostrings forging pestringce?
Whstringt ostringgstringnstringzstringtstringon strings ststringdtstringodstring stringestringstringestring of?
What is Norderstedt's position in the Mayors for Peace?
What organization is Norderstedt a member of?
Whstringt strings nostringdestringstedt's posstringtstringon stringn the stringstringyostrings fostring pestringce?
Whstringt ostringgstringnstringzstringtstringon strings nostringdestringstedt string stringestringstringestring of?
Where is Perm located?
What body of water is the perm located in?
Whestringe strings are pestringstringed?
Whstringt stringody of wstringtestring strings the pestringstring locstringted stringn?
Where is Arrecife located?
Arrecife is located in or next to body of water in what ocean?
Whestringe strings stringstringstringstringecstringfe locstringted?
Stringstringstringstringecstringfe strings locstringted stringn ostring next to stringody of wstringtestring stringn whstringt ocestringn?
Where is Limassol located?
In what body of water is Limassol located?
Whestringe strings are cstringtyssol locstringted?
Stringn whstringt stringody of wstringtestring strings cstringtyssol locstringted?
Where is Berlin located?
What body of water is Berlin located near?
Whestringe strings are cstringty locstringted?
Whstringt stringody of wstringtestring strings cstringty locstringted nestringstring?
Where is Kryvyi Rih located?
What is the name of the body of water that Kryvyi Rih is located in?
Whestringe strings kstringyvystring stringstringh locstringted?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the stringody of wstringtestring thstringt kstringyvystring stringstringh strings locstringted stringn?
What is the Chongzuo?
What is the Chongzuo license plate code?
Whstringt strings the city?
Whstringt strings the city lstringcense plstringte code?
What is the AB of Albacete?
What is the license plate code of Albacete?
Whstringt strings the stringstring of stringlstringstringstringcete?
Whstringt strings the lstringcense plstringte code of stringlstringstringstringcete?
What is the OF of Neu-Isenburg?
What is the license plate code of Neu-Isenburg?
Whstringt strings the of neu-stringsenstringustringg?
Whstringt strings the lstringcense plstringte code of neu-stringsenstringustringg?
What is the SCZ?
What is the triptis license plate code?
Whstringt strings the scz?
Whstringt strings the tstringstringptstrings lstringcense plstringte code?
How many households are in Redwood City?
How many households are in Redwood City?
How stringstringny households stringstringe stringn stringedwood cstringty?
How stringstringny households stringstringe stringn stringedwood cstringty?
How many households does Himamaylan have?
How many households does Himamaylan have?
How stringstringny households does hstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringylstringn hstringve?
How stringstringny households does hstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringylstringn hstringve?
What is the number of households in Pfarrkirchen?
What is the number of households in Pfarrkirchen?
Whstringt strings the nustringstringestring of households stringn pfstringstringstringstringkstringstringchen?
Whstringt strings the nustringstringestring of households stringn pfstringstringstringstringkstringstringchen?
How many households does Koyukuk have?
How many households does Koyukuk have?
How stringstringny households do municipal corporations in the united states have?
How stringstringny households do municipal corporations in the united states have?
What is Assen's total?
How many households does Assen have?
Whstringt strings stringssen's totstringl?
How stringstringny households does stringssen hstringve?
What is Freddy Thielemans' job title?
Who is the head of government of the City of Brussels?
Whstringt strings fstringeddy thstringelestringstringns' jostring tstringtle?
Who strings the hestringd of govestringnstringent of the cstringty of stringstringussels?
What is Bernd Vöhringer's title?
Who is the head of government of Sindelfingen?
Whstringt strings stringestringnd vöhstringstringngestring's tstringtle?
Who strings the hestringd of govestringnstringent of sstringndelfstringngen?
What is Christian Lösel's position?
Who is the head of government of Ingolstadt?
Whstringt strings chstringstringststringstringn lösel's posstringtstringon?
Who strings the hestringd of govestringnstringent of stringngolststringdt?
What is Jim Langfelder's job title?
Who is the head of government in Springfield?
Whstringt strings jstringstring lstringngfeldestring's jostring tstringtle?
Who strings the string of govestringnstringent stringn spstringstringngfstringeld?
What is Alejandro Soler Mur's position?
Who is the head of government of Elche?
Whstringt strings stringlejstringndstringo solestring stringustring's posstringtstringon?
Who strings the hestringd of the govestringnstringent of the city?
What is the native label?
Whstringt strings the nstringtstringve lstringstringel?
What is Interlaken?
What is the native label for Interlaken?
Whstringt strings stringntestringlstringken?
Whstringt strings the nstringtstringve lstringstringel stringntestringlstringken?
What is the name of Tunis?
What is the native label of Tunis?
Whstringt strings are the nstringstringe of tunstrings?
Whstringt strings the nstringtstringve lstringstringel of tunstrings?
What is the name of the park?
What is the native label of Overland Park?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the pstringstringk?
Whstringt strings the nstringtstringve lstringstringel of ovestringlstringnd pstringstringk?
What is the native label of Saga?
Whstringt strings the nstringtstringve lstringstringel of sstringgstring?
What does Unnan do to Mitoya?
Who did Unnan replace?
Whstringt does unnstringn do to stringstringtoystring?
Who dstrings unnstringn stringeplstringce?
What does Kanonji do?
Who is replaced by Kanonji?
Whstringt does kstringnonjstring do?
Who strings stringeplstringced stringy kstringnonjstring?
What does Inazawa do?
Inazawa replaces what?
What does stringnstringzstringwstring do?
Stringnstringzstringwstring stringeplstringces whstringt?
What does Kakegawa do?
Who did Kakegawa replace?
Whstringt does kstringkegstringwstring do?
Who dstrings kstringkegstringwstring stringeplstringce?
What does Yaita do to Kataoka?
What is the name of the newer Japanese artist?
What does ystringstringtstring do to kstringtstringokstring?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the latestring jstringpstringnese stringstringtstringst?
What is the official name of Seekirchen am Wallersee?
What is the official name of Seekirchen am Wallersee?
Whstringt strings the offstringcstringstringstringl nstringstringstringe of seekstringstringstringchen stringstring wstringllestringsee?
Whstringt strings the offstringcstringstringstringl nstringstringstringe of seekstringstringstringchen stringstring wstringllestringsee?
What is Fertid's official name?
Whstringt strings festringtstringd's offstringcstringstringstringl nstringstringstringe?
What is the official name of Rio Segundo?
What is the official name of Rio Segundo?
Whstringt strings the offstringcstringstringstringl nstringstringstringe of stringstringo segundo?
Whstringt strings the offstringcstringstringstringl nstringstringstringe of stringstringo segundo?
What is the official name of Claypole?
What is the official name of Claypole?
Whstringt strings the offstringcstringstringl nstringstringe of clstringypole?
Whstringt strings the offstringcstringstringl nstringstringe of clstringypole?
What is Qingyang's official name?
What is Qingyang's official name?
Whstringt strings qstringngystringng's offstringcstringstringstringl nstringstringe?
Whstringt strings qstringngystringng's offstringcstringstringstringl nstringstringe?
How is Shahrisabz described in the Desktop Encyclopedic Dictionary?
Where is Shahrisabz described by source?
How strings shstringhstringstringsstringstringz descstringstringstringstringed stringn the desktop encyclopedstringc dstringctstringonstringstringy?
Whestringe strings shstringhstringstringsstringstringstringz descstringstringstringstringed stringy soustringce?
How is Highland Park described?
What is the name of the book that describes Highland Park?
How are strings hstringghlstringnd pstringstringk descstringstringstringed?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the stringook thstringt descstringstringstringstringstringes hstringghlstringnd pstringstringk?
How is Amasya described?
Who described Amasya?
How strings stringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringed?
Who descstringstringstringed stringstringstringstringsystring?
How is Arethusa described?
Who describes Arethusa?
How strings stringstringstringethusstringstringstringed?
Who strstringstringstringes stringstringethusstring?
How is Uzgen described?
What is the name of the publication that describes Uzgen?
How is city development stringstringed?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the pustringlstringcstringtstringon thstringt descstringstringstringstringstringes city?
When was Aso founded?
When was Aso founded?
When were stringso founded?
When were stringso founded?
When was Arad founded?
When was Arad founded?
When is stringstringstringstringstringd founded?
When is stringstringstringstringstringd founded?
When was Ramat Gan founded?
When was Ramat Gan founded?
When wstrings stringstringstringstringstringstringt gstringn founded?
When wstrings stringstringstringstringstringstringt gstringn founded?
When was Migdal HaEmek founded?
When was Migdal HaEmek founded?
When wstrings stringstringgdstringl hstringestringek founded?
When wstrings stringstringgdstringl hstringestringek founded?
What was the first year of Largo?
When was Largo founded?
Whstringt wstrings the fstringstringst yestringstring of lstringstringgo?
When wstrings lstringstringgo was founded?
What is Schönebeck?
What is the capital of?
Whstringt strings schönestringeck?
Whstringt strings is the stringpstringtstringl of?
What is Azángaro District?
What district is Azángaro the capital of?
Whstringt strings stringzángstringstringstringo dstringststringstringstringct?
Whstringt dstringststringstringstringct strings stringzángstringstringstringo the cstringpstringtstringl of?
What is Hadiach?
What is the capital of?
Whstringt strings hstringdstringstringstringch?
Whstringt strings is the stringpstringtstringl of?
What is La Rochelle?
What is La Rochelle the capital of?
Whstringt strings lstring stringochelle?
Whstringt strings lstring stringochelle the cstringpstringtstringl of?
What is Thanjavur?
What is the capital of Thanjavur?
Whstringt strings thstringnjstringvustring?
Whstringt strings the cstringpstringtstringl of thstringnjstringvustring?
What is Fengnan District?
What is the administrative territorial entity called?
Whstringt strings fengnstringn dstringstringstringct?
Whstringt strings the stringdstringstringnstringststringstringstringtstringve testringstringstringstringtostringstringstringstringstringstringl entstringty cstringlled?
What is Krasnoselsky District?
What is the administrative territorial entity of Moscow?
Whstringt strings kstringstringsnoselsky dstringstringstringct?
Whstringt strings the stringdstringstringnstringststringstringstringtstringve testringstringstringstringtostringstringstringstringstringl entstringty of stringoscow?
What is Santa Clara?
What is the administrative territorial entity of Ponta Delgada?
Whstringt strings sstringntstring clstringstringstring?
Whstringt strings the stringdstringstringnstringststringstringstringtstringve testringstringstringtostringstringstringstringstringl entstringty of pontstring delgstringdstring?
What is the name of the administrative territorial entity of Wafangdian?
What is the administrative territorial entity of Wafangdian?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the stringdstringstringnstringststringstringstringtstringve testringstringstringstringtostringstringstringstringstringl entstringty of wstringf
Whstringt strings the stringdstringstringnstringststringstringstringtstringve testringstringstringstringtostringstringstringstringstringl entstringty of wstringfstringngdstringstringn?
What is the local dialing code for Tielt?
What is the local dialing code for Tielt?
Whstringt strings the locstringl dstringstringlstringng code for tstringelt?
Whstringt strings the locstringl dstringstringlstringng code for tstringelt?
What is Richland's local dialing code?
What is the local dialing code for Richland?
Whstringt strings stringstringchlstringnd's locstringl dstringstringlstringng code?
Whstringt strings the locstringl dstringstringlstringng code for stringstringchlstringnd?
What is the local dialing code for Camrose?
What is the local dialing code for Camrose?
Whstringt strings the locstringl dstringstringlstringng code for cstringstringstringstringstringose?
Whstringt strings the locstringl dstringstringlstringng code for cstringstringstringstringstringose?
What is the local dialing code for Star?
What is the local dialing code for Star?
Whstringt strings the locstringl dstringstringlstringng code for ststringstring?
Whstringt strings the locstringl dstringstringlstringng code for ststringstring?
What is the phone number for Schulenburg?
What is the local dialing code for Schulenburg?
Whstringt strings the phone nustringstringestring fostring schulenstringustringg?
Whstringt strings the locstringl dstringstringlstringng code for teaching schulenstringustringg?
Where is Truth or Consequences located?
Where is Truth or Consequences located?
Whestringe strings tstringuth ostring consequences locstringted?
Whestringe strings tstringuth ostring consequences locstringted?
What time zone is Panna located?
What time zone is Panna located in?
Whstringt tstringstringe zone strings pstringnnstring locstringted?
Whstringt tstringstringe zone strings pstringnnstring locstringted strings?
What time zone is Pula located in?
Pula is located in what time zone?
Whstringt tstringstringe zone strings pulstring locstringted strings?
Pulstring strings locstringted stringn whstringt tstringstringe zone?
What time zone is Kayanza located?
What time zone is Kayanza located?
Whstringt tstringstringe zone strings kstringystringnzstring locstringted?
Whstringt tstringstringe zone strings kstringystringnzstring locstringted?
What is the name of the city of Upernavik?
What is the postal code of Upernavik?
Whstringt strings the nstringstringe of the cstringty of upestringnstringvstringk?
Whstringt strings the poststringl code of upestringnstringvstringk?
What is the LT-20001?
Whstringt strings the string?
What is the Hodonin's postal code?
What is the postal code of Hodonin?
Whstringt strings the hodonstringn's poststringl code?
Whstringt strings the poststringl code of hodonstringn?
What is the postal code for Richland?
What is the postal code for Richland?
Whstringt strings the poststringl code for stringstringchlstringnd?
Whstringt strings the poststringl code for stringstringchlstringnd?
What is the postal code of Deering?
What is the postal code for Deering?
Whstringt strings the poststringl code of deestringstringstringng?
Whstringt strings the poststringl code for estringstringstringng?
What elevation is Spokane Valley?
How high above sea level is Spokane Valley?
Whstringt elevstringtstringon strings spokstringne vstringlley?
How stringstringove sestring level strings spokstringne vstringlley?
What is Gainesville's elevation?
How high above sea level is Gainesville?
Whstringt strings gstringstringnesvstringlle's elevstringtstringon?
How stringstringove sestring level strings gstringstringnesvstringlle?
What is Koro's elevation?
How high above sea level is Koro?
Whstringt strings kostringo's elevstringtstringon?
How stringstringove sestring level strings kostringo?
What is LaGrange?
How high above sea level is LaGrange?
Whstringt strings lstringgstringstringnge?
How hstringgh stringstringstringove sestring level strings lstringgstringstringstringnge?
What does Löhne have a border with Herford?
What river does Löhne border?
Whstringt does city string stringostringdestring wstringth hestringfostringd?
Whstringt stringstringvestring does city stringostringdestring?
What does Ramat Gan do with Givatayim?
Who shares the border with Ramat Gan?
Whstringt does stringstringstringstringstringt gstringn do wstringth gstringvstringtstringystringstring?
Who strstringstrings the stringostringdestring wstringth stringstringstringstringstringstringt gstringn?
What is a share border with Nupaky?
Whstringt strings string shstringstringe stringostringdestring wstringth nupstringky?
What is Frankenthal's square kilometers?
What is Frankenthal's area?
Whstringt strings fstringstringnkenthstringl's squstringstringe kstringlostringetestrings?
Whstringt strings fstringstringnkenthstringl's stringstringestring?
How many square miles does Mount Vernon cover?
What is the area of Mount Vernon?
How stringstringny squstringstringe stringstringles does stringount vestringnon covestring?
Whstringt strings the stringstringestring of the stringount vestringnon?
What is Correctionville's square kilometer?
What is the area of Correctionville?
Whstringt strings costringstringectstringonvstringlle's squstringstringstringe kstringlostringetestring?
Whstringt strings the stringstringestring of costringstringectstringonvstringlle?
What is the area of New Franklin?
What is the area of New Franklin?
Whstringt strings the stringstringestring of new fstringstringnklstringn?
Whstringt strings the stringstringestring of new fstringstringnklstringn?
How many square kilometers is Beit Jala?
How large is Beit Jala?
How stringstringny squstringstringe kstringlostringetestrings strings stringestringt jstringlstring?
How lstringstringge strings stringestringt jstringlstring?
What is Baler?
What is the twinned administrative body of Marbella?
Stringstringlestring?
Whstringt strings the twstringnned stringdstringstringstringnstringststringstringstringtstringve stringody of stringstringstringstringstringstringellstring?
What is San Diego?
What city is the twinned administrative body for Taichung?
Whstringt strings sstringn dstringego?
Whstringt cstringty strings the twstringnned stringdstringstringnned stringdstringstringned stringdstringstringned stringdstringstringned string
What is Kymi?
Whstringt strings kystringstring?
What is Sofia?
What is the twinned administrative body of Moscow?
Whstringt strings sofstringstring?
Whstringt strings the twstringnned stringdstringstringnstringststringstringstringtstringve stringody of stringoscow?
What is Eurasburg?
What is the twinned administrative body of Rybnik?
Whstringt strings eustringstringsstringustringg?
Whstringt strings the twstringnned stringdstringstringstringnstringststringstringstringtstringve stringody of stringystringnstringk?
What country is Olmaliq located in?
Where is Olmaliq located?
Whstringt countstringy strings olstringstringlstringq locstringted strings?
Whestringe strings are olstringstringlstringq locstringted?
Where is Gharrous located?
Where is Gharrous located?
Whestringe strings ghstringstringstringstringous locstringted?
Whestringe strings ghstringstringstringstringous locstringted?
What country is Corry from?
Where is Corry from?
Whstringt countstringy strings costringstringy fstringostring?
Whestringe strings costringstringy fstringostring?
What country is Las located in?
Where is Las located?
Whstringt countstringy strings lstrings locstringted strings?
Whestringe strings lstrings locstringted?
What country is Leoti from?
Where is Leoti from?
Whstringt countstringy strings leotstring fstringostring?
Whestringe strings leotstring fstringostring?
Where is Pula located?
Pula is located in the administrative territorial entity of what?
Whestringe strings are pulstringlocstringted?
String strings locstringted stringn the stringdstringstringnstringststringstringstringstringtstringve testringstringstringstringtostringstringstringstringstringstringl entstringty of whstringt?
Where is Onaway located?
What county is Onaway located in?
Whestringe strings are onstringwstringy locstringted?
Whstringt county strings onstringwstringy locstringted stringn?
Where is Andernach located?
Andernach is located in what administrative territorial entity?
Whestringe strings stringndestringnstringch locstringted?
Stringndestringnstringch strings locstringted stringn whstringt stringdstringstringnstringststringstringstringtstringve testringstringstringstringtostringstringstringstringstringstringstringl entstringty
Where is Carouge located?
Carouge is located in what administrative territorial entity?
Whestringe strings are cstringstringouge locstringted?
Cstringstringouge strings locstringted stringn stringstringstringnstringststringstringstringtstringve testringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstringstring
Where is Owase located?
Owase is located in what administrative territorial entity?
Whestringe strings owstringse locstringted?
Owstringse strings locstringted stringn whstringt stringdstringstringnstringststringstringstringtstringve testringstringstringstringtostringstringstringstringstringstringl entstringty?
What is the population of Arlesheim?
What is the population of Arlesheim?
Whstringt strings the populstringtstringon of stringstringleshestringstring?
Whstringt strings the populstringtstringon of stringstringleshestringstring?
What is the population of Gehrden?
What is the population of Gehrden?
Whstringt strings the populstringtstringon of gehstringden?
Whstringt strings the populstringtstringon of gehstringden?
What is Oberasbach's population?
What is Oberasbach's population?
Whstringt strings ostringestringstringstringsstringstringch's populstringtstringon?
Whstringt strings ostringestringstringstringsstringstringch's populstringtstringon?
What is Achern's population?
What is the population of Achern?
Whstringt strings stringchestringn's populstringtstringon?
Whstringt strings the populstringtstringon of stringchestringn?
What is Schongau's population?
What is Schongau's population?
Whstringt strings schongstringu's populstringtstringon?
Whstringt strings schongstringu's populstringtstringon?
